So here is a quick summary
on billing and custom tools in AWS.
So the first one is Compute Optimizer,
which allows you to get recommendation
on resource configurations in order to reduce cost.
The second one is the Pricing Calculator,
which is allowing you to estimate the cost
of services on AWS.
The Billing Dashboard gives you a high-level overview,
as well as a free tier dashboard to know where you stand
on your free tier usage.
Your Cost Allocation Tags allow you to tag resources
to create detailed reports with your own tags as a filter.
Cost and Usage Reports give you
the most comprehensive billing datasets.
Cost Explorer allows you to get your current usage
in a detailed manner as well as forecast usage,
months in advance.
And Billing Alarms in us-east-1, they live,
they allow you to track your overall
and per-service billing.
But if you want to get more advanced, you can use budgets,
which allows you to track usage, costs, reserve instances
and get alerts in real time.
We get savings plan and they're an easy way
for you to save on your bill based on long-term usage
of AWS by committing a specific dollar amount.
Cost Anomaly Detection helps you detect unusual spends
using machine learning
and Service Quotas helps you get notified
whenever you're reaching a service limit threshold
and increase these limits directly from this console.
Okay, this is it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.